fix(docs): Add clarifications to deploy custom rootfs guide (#1390)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl: docs/howto/custom-rootfs-multiple-targets.md

`````

> 

Reviewer: Given that these more explanatory sections are inter-mingled with steps in the guide like "For convenience[...]" and "The next step[...]", using labelled admonition blocks is probably justified as a way to mark them off.

So you could have something like:

\```{admonition} Computer IDs
:class: note

\<text\>

\```

For the image server section, I would also chunk the information into paragraphs more to make it easier to parse.

\```{admonition} Image server
:class: tip

\<paragraph on address\>

\<paragraph on SHA\>

\<paragraph on .wsl format\>

\```

See if it looks OK.

The `PARENT_COMPUTER_IDS` environment variable contains a list of IDs internally assigned to the
Windows machines already accepted. The values that appear in the example above are hypothetical,
actual IDs can be found in the Computers page (or Instances page in the new dashboard) or via the
Landscape REST API endpoint `GET /computers`.

> The example above assumes that there is a server running on the same address as the Landscape server
> itself (on port 9009) and it contains an image named ubuntu-24.04-custom.tar.gz, likely customised
> by the organisation. In practice that URL could point to any address in an intranet or the internet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our example, a [custom image](howto::custom-distro) `ubuntu-24.04-custom.tar.gz` is served from the same address as the Landscape server
at port 9009. In practice, that URL could point to any address in an intranet or the internet
```

Trying to simplify.

> that's accessible from the client computers. Ideally, that server would contain not only the images
> but also an optional SHA256SUMS file, following the same pattern as websites like
> https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com and https://cdimage.ubuntu.com, for example. If that file is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that's accessible from the client computers. The image server can also
provide an SHA256SUMS file, as done by
[cloud-images.ubuntu.com](https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com) and [cdimage.ubuntu.com](https://cdimage.ubuntu.com). If that file is
```

Again: simplifying.

> available then the Windows agent will use it to validate the images before installation. While the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available, the Windows agent validates the images against the SHA256SUMS file before installation. While the
```

> example uses the `.tar.gz` extension, the most recent `.wsl` format as well. Refer to
> [this guide](howto::custom-distro) for ways to customise a WSL image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example uses the `.tar.gz` extension, the most recent `.wsl` format can also be used. Refer to
[the image customisation for Ubuntu on WSL guide](howto::custom-distro) for more information.
```
